these =forts pushed forward the local theory of diffcrcntial grometry in = big

step-

Second, mathcmatici

ans including de Rham. Hodze, Kodaima, Hopf, Lef
schetz, Whitney. Weil and Chern established a close nelationship betwecn dif-
ferential geometry =nd topology and algebraic geometsy,

which were blossoming
A

= this period. Global differcntial scometry started taking its form.
Third, along the vein of classical differential geonactey,
surfaces,

of Ale:

Eeometry of comvex
yothetic and integral geomectry advanced sreatly under the Icadership
androff. Cohn-Vossen, Pogorelov, Busemann, Rauch, and Santalo.

Finally, by the maturi

v of the theory of differeatial equations, meome
ters storted using amalvtical methods to tackle problems in geometry. In the
reverse direction, people discovered a larme number of significant difficrential
equations from diffeccntial geometry. New approaches or methods: are very of
ten required to solve these cquations. Thus analysts also watched progress in.

scometry closely. Leaders in this aspect include Hadamard, Morse, Lewy, Mor

rey. Bochner, Nash, Moser, Nirenberg, and Efimov. Their works have formed
the cornerstone for the application of nonlinear partial differential equations in
Zeomnetry in the past twenty years.

We attempt to describe major achrevements in all these aspects in this book.
The readex will find that differential geometry isa whole subject where all theee
aspects interlace in a natural way. In this first volume we shall study differential
<guations on a manifold and derive results relating its curvaturc to its topolosy:
Only 2 single equation will be treated. Systerns of differential equations will be.
Postponcd to the forthcoming second and third| volumes, where we shall discu=s
subjects including Hodge theory. minimal submsnifolds, harmonic maps, Sarmge
ficlds, Kahler manifolds. and Mong-Ampere cquations. Relationship between'

Seomctry and topology. algcbraic geometry, gencral rclativity and high ooy
Physics will also be discissed-

Laplace operator, the most fmportant difficrential operatar
Strx: It importence

